he goes like this before the minor fall
the major lift King composing hallelujah
hallelujah was written by Leonard Cohen
and it was first recorded in 1984 it's
been covered by many artists and a
couple of great versions are by jeff
buckley and rufus wainwright in this
lesson I'll spend time on the 68 rhythm
of the song and then go over the simple
yet evocative chord progression now in
practice what 68 really means is that
there are two beats in each measure to
measure beats in each measure but that
each of those is broken into three parts
dot dot dot dot dot dot dot then it's
going to be a C and then an a minor yes
that's right the first four chords of
the verse are exactly the same as the
four chords of the introduction but
here's where it diverges then it's going
to go to an F chord which is an F and a
and a see there's also a section of this
lesson for how to use the left hand when
you play this song 1 2 3 4 50 c chord so
and before the final sing-along I'll
spend some time showing you how to best
use the sustain pedal see a minor hello
went back up and down and love and down
and loved it down and up and down and
down up and down up down so come on over
to totally keyboards calm where you can
find the lesson for hallelujah and for
many other songs and while you're there
why don't you check out my free lessons
Dave children's top nine tips to
keyboard mastery we'll see you there